warning this video game is rated
everyone 10 up but that doesn't mean the
commentaries in this let's play are
suited for everyone
your discretion is advised thank you
that's high that Diet Coke is seriously
getting quiet
hey everybody Joshi it brings today's
episode and you speak carbon in today's
episode this very short episode got me
taking care of team of what what is this
territory ocean view I hell I knew that
anyway let's see what we get for unlocks
we get body kits wait yet please tell me
that's the racing package that fucking
motherfucker fucker dude all that away
let's go ahead and just get this over
with here all right mom okay here's my
hair dry mom let me texture Rosen den
nurse
yeah Barret have my bag I was just
trying to text my mom frozen dinners
because well that was something I forgot
in the grocery list and she knows why I
made my frozen dinners it's those pizzas
it was these amazing pizzas that link
with Xena's is these uh you guys
actually have a link with scenes in the
area which I'm pretty sure you do
there's a link with zine that is
basically as a pizza that's that's baked
in a like wood fire I um honey not what
that is but it it basically yeah
expected expecting what a wood fire and
it's got like some barbecue barbecue
sauce and onions Jesus a chicken so yeah
you can see why it loves that chicken
sandwich not chicken chicken pizza so
much and look at that Neville is
dominating everyone yet again let me try
can't get this car for me that would be
awesome
that'd be bloody awesome i pro should
have taken that shortcut along with that
come on and there we go out of doing
that alright nothing too extraordinary
now that you do too extraordinary
because of material one car but then
again west your where our tier ones
actually extraordinary come on well
technically they are extraordinary but
not extraordinary anyway it's going at
this next speed travel see what I get
without hitting the road like that
because I'm so frickin reckless home on
the roads I'm funny I don't even like
driving this thing anymore
maybe we drive better faster cars oh
it's like the Hedgehog fast connect car
Oh truckin I hit the wall up never
buddy's gonna say oh you're stuck on a
four speed carbon I could do better than
that whenever there's like a little
twelve year olds who really have no wife
and actually total noobs with carbon I
got you there anyway let's see how far
okay we got like one speed trapped left
and then we got the finish line which
where is this file speed trip anyway so
I'm showing them a GPS anywhere look at
this guy this guy's are like catching up
to us but Neville Neville get out my way
ooh bitch come on no no cops again
how about sensual how much Central
Hospital or maybe those Pellman Hospital
cab it's kinda hard to read things in a
low-quality you know this right right hi
Irma alright let's go ahead and finish
this race with a hint to the noggin
yeah that was a great run I didn't I
spective finish the race like that but
anyway let's go ahead lose his copy
Nevel
okay that copper suit pretty much got me
in developing Shido which is totally
great and let me see if I can go and get
this try and tell without actually
getting territory taken which I do not
that's actually very very shocking for
this game because nothing actually goes
the way I wanted to be anyway let's go
ahead and finish this off with a really
actually scratch that Mira cohan goes to
the safe house and I'm afraid my charger
and see if there's anything any better
than that okay is it faster now
it is officially faster I can finally
get rid of this thing of a jigger oh how
do I sell like that and we are free we
now have a tier 2 car yeah I'm doing a
victory dance that's just me shaking
around left interested I'm kid anyway
just go ahead to get his final sprint Oh
even the blonde he likes my new nut
muscle car very nice well it's not
exactly new making the idea
I will not hold back with my new charger
fuck you all
yeah that's right don't even think about
screw of me now I got like this really
long car that's like so long as longer
than all your cars and it's gonna like
dominate everything of one of your cars
I mean I don't care I got like weaker
nitrous I just won nitrous for his car I
mean seriously it's just getting really
ridiculous I don't like how I don't have
a nitrous package with this thing majr
I'm just happy I can finally Drive run
this thing after up maybe how long has
it been since I took down ng it was like
last Wednesday and it's gonna be
Wednesday when I upload this so I can
you get block this guy never what think
it was last feels Danna wish stopped
asking me not in the mood come on
nitrous do not bail on me that's right
yeah that's right yeah that's right pray
for me pray for me big boy
yeah Neville you that's right that's how
we do things around here not sure what
that was about but yeah as you can see
why I said about the charger before this
thing slides around a lot so I use this
thing it there's even more contra in the
area awesome okay whoa
oh I did like a slider on the cop is
pretty cool Neville there we go
hit this guy for me all right kill the
cop that did not even get killed in the
first place whoa all right
sliding around a lot it's kind of drive
me nuts here this is like worse than I
thought was gonna be they're gonna have
use the charger and a race in a very
long time that wasn't an in a file video
so yeah I don't think I some adjust
until I get to but anyway come on come
on car hit do that there we go I kind of
like hop over his hood or something and
there we go that's very short sprint
I keep getting this prints pretty short
yeah that is the in fact the way to do
it and we finally cause in territory
which where do we you walk in this
territory we get a trans mr. chair to
pro package nice
yes let me take care of them - nothing
will amount to my charger because my
charger is that awesome and so at that
next time on the speed car bro we're
gonna be taking on wolf don't leader are
TFK so see you guys tomorrow